hey guys at least in the truck today you
guys have been asking me a lot for it so
I decided I should give it to you now so
I'm gonna the basics first time we're
going to like why change so um diamond
armor food um come to spawn sick all
that was the same i change the bullet a
little bit there's no bullet i added a a
little bit of blue to it if you see out
there a little bit of blue to it um so
that's basically all the same inventory
still the same as yours you're still
starting to go image works still exactly
the same or still the same hearts and
armor still the same all right the guns
and the sort of light changed up so here
is not what I added it black around it
because I liked it a bit better and I
added more of a shading effect to the
inside of the sword because of a better
name so that's the sort of message from
a you'll be seen and then therefore I
don't edit pistols cuz I don't like
anything pistols just I don't oh I don't
like it but let's see if you want oh my
god i didn't miss out which I'm sorry Oh
is the UNP which its kind of 23 and it's
not really that used too much so I yeah
it's fine so you're sixteen i need to
penang it as blue where the ammo was i
had like a nice little blue flare kind
of announced as AK i moved the blue
somewhere else adding a little pattern
to it and the barrett i added a vertical
pattern and i actually oh go back to
spaz i had like a barrel stop to it
which is on the bottom of you guys come
see it like this sir right that's why
not gonna do that do all these guns
perfect right um what lets me touching a
block ok um so yeah I have a clip the
bottom of it makes you look a bit cooler
think so this is here for I'm not going
to go and show you guys the rest of it
in etail because it's kind of obvious
here so the MSR I'll like the Tier three
other than a pistol as I've blue added
to it see right there she is it there oh
and that's basically it I just really
change the guns up a little bit particle
just so much to the same
um and yeah that's basically it you like
to pack download it if you know in the
pack don't download it I get this video
to 20 likes if you'd like the pack if
you don't don't like it I don't see you
guys next time peace